JavaScript - Passing through command line arguments in npm scripts (#2584)
enkidevs/curriculum: javascript/npm/npm-features-ii/passing-through-command-line-arguments-in-npm-scripts.md

When running either `start:test`  or `start:stage` scripts, the first command line argument provided will be `4000` or `5000` depending on our choice.

To access these arguments the `process.argv` array can be used. In our case `process.argv[2]` represents the first argument provided as `[0]` is `node` and `[1]` is the path to the `.js` file.

Alternatively you can provide `--` when calling a script directly:

```bash

> npm run someCommand --arg=value

Reviewer: Isn't the existing way correct?

- argvs
- arg
- `process.argv[0]`

---

## Footnotes

[1:Calling a scrip directly]

When we run scripts through `npm`, we're effectively using `npm` as a middleman.

This means that passing regular arguments would be passing inputs to the `npm` program **directly**, not the script that it runs **underneath**.

```bash
# passing inputs to npm directly
npm run someCommand --arg=value

# passing inputs to the someCommand script
npm run someCommand -- --arg=value
```

> The `--` let's us skip `npm` and pass arguments into the script underneath `npm`.

Reviewer: Quick paraphrase because we used "underneath" before

```suggestion
The `--` let's us skip `npm` and pass arguments into the script that `npm` is calling.
```
